FED-681: Add integration docs (#800)
Workiva/over_react: doc/over_react_redux_documentation.md

  - [useStore](#usestore)
- **[Using Multiple Stores](#using-multiple-stores)**
- **[Using Redux DevTools](#using-redux-devtools)**

>   - [Integrating with Devtools](#integration-with-devtools)

Reviewer: #nit
```suggestion
  - [Integrating with DevTools](#integration-with-devtools)
```

  initialState: /*Default App State Object*/,
  middleware: [overReactReduxDevToolsMiddlewareFactory(name: 'Some Custom Instance Name')],
)
```

### Integration With DevTools

In order to display the properties of Dart based `Action`s and `State` in the DevTools they must implement a `toJson` method. 

> `toJson` can be manually added to the classes, or added with the help of something like the the [json_serializable](https://pub.dev/packages/json_serializable) library. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should mention that all values need to be json encodable if a value contains objects that are not directly encodable to JSON (a value that is not a number, boolean, string, null, list or a map with string keys) we will attempt to call `toJson` on it.

> `toJson` can be manually added to the classes, or added with the help of something like the the [json_serializable](https://pub.dev/packages/json_serializable) library. In the event that a value is not directly encodeable to `json`, we will make an attempt to call `toJson` on the value.

Reviewer: Typo "the the"

Also, I think it'd be gook to mention  built_value's serializers, since that was the use-case that originally prompted this documentation ticket.

```suggestion
`toJson` can be manually added to the classes, or added with the help of packages like [json_serializable](https://pub.dev/packages/json_serializable) or [built_value](https://pub.dev/packages/built_value) and its serializers. In the event that a value is not directly encodeable to `json`, we will make an attempt to call `toJson` on the value.
```

State Example:
```dart
class FooState {
  bool foo = true;
  
  Map<String, dynamic> toJson() => {'foo':foo};
}
```

When converted, the result of `toJson` will be used to present the entire state.
```json lines
{
  "foo": true
}
```

Action Example:
```dart
class FooAction {
  bool foo = false;
  

>   Map<String,dynamic> toJson() => {'foo':foo};

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Map<String, dynamic> toJson() => {'foo':foo};
```

}
```

> When converted, the Class name will be the `type` property and `toJson` will become the `payload`

Reviewer: #nit
```suggestion
When converted, the class name will be the `type` property and `toJson` will become the `payload`
```
